you like the trendy cuts of
designer jeans you would like
that your pants also wish sweet and
comfortable than your favorite vegetables
now thanks to the slim and lift the
best brand clothes and
slimming care in the world
you will not have to choose between
style and comfort here is the caress
jean the very latest novelty that is going
bring you both the true style
jeans the comfort you need and
the immediate guinand effect of a garment
sculpting all this at the same time it's
the most revolutionary innovation
since the invention of jean are chic
comfortable at ease in your movements
and feel you slimmer more firm and
more sexy
it looks exactly like real
jeans but they are actually super water
and expandable like e-manifest leggings
caress refined jeans wales of your
silhouette for a sexy look it secret
and its slim flex technology that allows
textiles to adapt perfectly
to the contours of your body like a
second skin that is born
reshape your silhouette so that they
appear thinner and more toned and
the pattern of printed nîmes boudin a
incomparable style wear the dress
or casual with shoes at
heels or flat ideal for a walk
in the city
casual chic where works or held
class for your evenings
all this in absolute comfort simple
easy and trends caress jeans
suitable for all body types
big or small size 36 or 52 and what
whatever your age you will love them
they do not have buttons or closure
comfortable flash and it refines the
waist and back up the buttocks in addition
with them finished the demarcations of your
underwear the belt and higher
is wider than classic jeans
which helps to flatten your belly and
of taste but the love handles are
that you do not feel well understood
but the compression zones enhances
and firm up your buttocks for a
redesigned silhouette and legs that
longer appear
you will feel slim and sexy from
textile sim plex is so light and so
flexible that you will feel like
nothing to wear look like they are fine
imagine what it will be to wear them
the inner lining and soft like your
favorite pajamas he printed blank
avoids hard materials and
uncomfortable shearing the pelvis if
nice they will be your favorite pants
For all occasions
he has all of your wardrobe you you
will feel slim beautiful and more sure of you
with slimane the ifca redskins